# CS-305
Our client, Artemis Financial, is a consulting company that creates financial plans for ttheir customers whether its for their savings, retirement, investments, or even insurance plans. They asked us to help them modernize their software by adding the most current and effective software security that can help protect client data and financial information. They also requested specifically that we add a checksum data verification step to their data transfer process. I feel that when I found my clients security vulnerabilities, I did a good job at identifying what dependencies were causing many of them through the use of the Maven Dependency Checker. Through this I was able to identify the problems with certain dependencies as well as learn what solutions there were to fixing them. It's important to code securely because when developing software, you want to make sure there is the least possible chance that someone can hack into your software and steal your data. Software security helps give peace of mind to companies by adding extra layers of defense against outside attacks from hackers and helps any of the company's data stay secured.

I increased the layers of security by first scanning the code for any obvious errors or syntax mistakes. If there was any problems with the code itself that would lead to and vulnerabilities I wanted to get those out of the way first. Then I ran the Maven Dependency Checker to check if there were any outdated dependencies or major vulnerabilities. After using this tool for Artemis Financial, I would use the dependency checker in the future because it is quick run, simple to implement and links the vulnerabilities found to resources to fix the listed problems.

One of the major problems that I had while doing the vulnerability assessment was going through each of the vulnerabilities listed and clearing false positives manually. This took a lot of time when it came to Artemis Financials code because of their large amount of vulnerabilities identified. In the future I would wish that there was a way for the Maven Dependency Check to have a way to automatically generate the code needed to block every false positive identified. 

After I refactored my code after running it through the dependency check and making changes to the code format, I ran the dependency check a second time to make sure that there were no new vulnerabilities identified by the test from the newly written code. I made sure that the refactored code was functional and secure by following secure coding protocols as well as making sure that there were no visible errors. As I have stated multiple times in this, the Maven dependency check is a helpful tool for future assignments in my opinion. While there are a few downsides to its use, it helps alot by automatically identifying vulnerabilites in your code from any dependencies you may be using.

If I were to show any work from this assignment to future employers I would show them the Partices for Secure Software Report from the final project. The reason why is that I believe it is a culmination of all that ive learned this term and shows examples of me creating self-signed certificates, using the Dependency Check tool, and also the code I refactored for Artemis Financial.
